1. When do you expect to graduate (month/year)? 
    July 2019. 

2. From what university? With what level of degree? 
    From Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (University of Zagreb) with degree MSc in Computer Science. 

3. Just to confirm would you be interested in an internship or full time role based in London? Can you confirm that you are available on the following dates for an internship; 15th May 2018, 26th June 2018 or 4th September 2018. 
    I am interested in an internship. From given dates, I'm available on 4th September 2018. 

4. If given an offer, when would you be available to start? 
    15th of July, 2018.

5. What are your strongest 2 or 3 programming languages? 
    Starting with the strongest: Java, JavaScript, C++ 

6. How much coding would you say you do day to day (hours per day or lines per day)? 
    At work 5h daily, of which 2h is discussion with team members and solution planning and rest is actual coding and debugging. 
    Based on the commits from the last few weeks, I add/edit 100 to few hundred lines daily.
    At home I usually spend another hour to 2 hours coding university projects and lab exercises. 

7. Please explain a past or current project that you think showcases your technical aptitude? Include whether solo or team project, goal of project, outcome, technologies used to develop or personal, professional or university based? 

    -- About the project --
    Current project I work on is an order management system for T-Mobile in Croatia. 
    Goal of the project is to replace central system for fulfilling recieved orders (network and phone service, item purchases, special offers, discounts, etc.)
    5 companies are colaborating on the project, each working on particular subsystem such as asset management, product catalog, order capture, order execution and billing.
    I'm part of a team of 7 people implementing order execution which is central processing engine and core of the whole system.

    -- Technologies --
    Main langage for backend is Java in combination with Spring Framework and Gradle build system. On frontent it's TypeScript with Angular 2.
    Other important technologies used are Redis and Oracle DB 12c for storage, Docker for platform agnostic development, Wiremock for simulating unfinished subsystems and Camunda for designing complex business processes.

    -- My roles --
    I'm the sole developer working on the Dashboard for displaying current system state, errors and visualizing processes. 
    Some of the things I've done are setting up routing, translation, authentication with KeyCloak, wrote rest services, used Redux for state handling, created tree graph with D3.js, etc.

    Since every programmer in the team has to be familiar with parts of the system other members write, as part of the learning I also wrote unit tests for Spring Data JPA repository, mapped controllers to Oracle DB procedures, built docker images for mock server and Redis DB...

8. Are you actively interviewing, and do you have any deadlines (pending offers, etc.)? 
    I am actively interviewing in Croatia, looking for job that would be more suitable for my university specialization (machine learning). 
    I have applied for internships at some other international companies, but do not yet have any deadlines or offers. 

9. Have you interviewed with us before? 
    No.

10. Please confirm you want to be considered as a Software Engineer and state your area of interest i.e. backend, mobile etc. and why. 
    Yes, I am a Software Engineer and am interested in backend development. 
    My bachelor studies focused on backend, my masters is focused on machine learning and I believe that I would be most productive in that role.

11. Are you legally authorized to work in UK? (please answer with “YES” or “NO”)
    No.

a. If hired, will you need assistance or sponsorship from Facebook to begin, or at any time in the future, to continue to work lawfully for Facebook in the [country where role is based]? (please answer with “YES" or “NO”)
    Yes.

b. If “no,” no further immigration discussion required.
c. If “yes”, in order for FB to sponsor a visa we will need some additional information on your situation.
• What type of visa are you currently on in the UK?
    I do not have a visa for working in the UK. I am of Croatian nationality and will need purple registration certificate to work in UK.

12. Please indicate whether you are a citizen or lawful permanent resident of any of the following countries: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria or Sudan? (please answer with “YES" or “NO”) *Please note, Facebook is asking this question, and will use your response, for the exclusive and limited purpose of compliance with United States export control laws and regulations. 
    No.

13. Are you legally authorized to work in the United States? (please answer with “YES” or “NO”) 
    No.

a. If hired, will you need assistance or sponsorship from Facebook to begin, or at any time in the future, to continue to work lawfully for Facebook in the United States? (please answer with “YES" or “NO”) 
    Yes.

b. If “no,” no further immigration discussion required. 
c. If “yes”, in order for FB to sponsor a visa we will need some additional information on your situation. 
• What type of visa are you currently on? 
    I do not have any visa for the US.

• What is the date that you first entered the US with this visa type? 
    Never.

• What visa do you believe you will need to be authorized to work in the United States if you were to be offered a full-time role? 
    H-1B

• If currently working in the United States, has your employer filed your green card application? What stage of the green card process are you on?
    I'm not working in the US.
